Hello! I know stuff about Learning Support Centre such as services offered, booking an appointment, length and timings of the appointment and related services. How can I help you?
Learning Support Centre at Mohawk College offers Peer tutoring Services whose primary focus is to provide tutoring in first year subjects, for academic purpose only. 
Learning Support Centre offers Course Peer Tutoring, Maths support and Writing and Communication through virtual one to one sessions and group studies by the Tutors. 
Search WConline mohawk in google. Create an account. Make an account in WConline mohawk using your mohawk email.
Its totally a free service. Student can book 4 hours per week for Course Peer Tutor and 5 hours per week for writing and communication.
Course Peer tutor offer content Review,clarification,practice problems and test Prep.
The learning support centre offers both offer online sessions or In-persons meeting.
One appointment will be 50 minutes long. 
Student can book 4 hours per week for Course Peer Tutor and 5 hours per week for writing and communication.
Students need to book an appointment 2 days in advance.
The learning support centre is at Room C122, Fennell Campus, near the scotia bank.
Learning Support Centre offers hybrid one to one sessions for almost all courses and group studies too depending on the course. 
Math drop-in support is available at the Fennell campus in C122 from 9am - 4pm Monday - Friday.
The qualifications needed to apply for a peer tutor are the student must be currently enrolled in a Mohawk College program, a minimum Grade Point Average of 80% prior to and during the contract term and be willing to facilitate virtual tutoring through approved platforms as needed.
Student can contact Lsc through mail via lsc@mohawkcollege.ca or 905-575-1212 x3279 or meet us at Room C122, Fennell Campus.
Peer Tutors are the Upper-year student leaders for your same course.
Appointments missed and not cancelled are considered a "No-Show" The LSC will suspend a student's account after 2 "No-Shows".
Yes, but only the practice questions or similar content for that particular course.
In WCOnline mohawk, 1.Select a tutoring schedule from the "Schedules" menu above. 2. Under Display Options, select a course from the "Show All Course Options" drop down menu. 3. Select the time you would like to book by clicking on the white block. 4. Fill out the booking form. 5. Click Save Appointment, and your appointment will now appear in orange on the schedule.
Log into WC Online and navigate to your appointment from the Welcome menu at the top of the screen. Select your appointment and click "Start Online Consultation.
Course Tutoring Appointments: You may cancel up to 24 hours before the start of your appointment. Saturday & Sunday appointments are to be cancelled by 4pm the Friday before. Writing/Communication & Study Skills Appointments: You may cancel up to 30 minutes before the start of your appointment.
WCOnline is the website where all the appointments are booked for the sessions.
It was nice talking to you! Have a wonderful day! GoodBye!